README.md, before:

# Student shuffler

This app is meant to help teachers shuffle the students in their classes into groups of a predetermined size or number. The app can take a .txt file of a certain format, and import each student from that list into its internal logic. Lists of students and lists of the groups created by the software can both be saved to a .txt file format.

## General information

**Author:** Jesper Dam Knudgaard

**GitHub:** https://github.com/DraagDunk/student_shuffler

**Source Language:** Python

**Created:** June 16th, 2022

## Install

Install the latest version in executable form [here](https://github.com/DraagDunk/student_shuffler/releases/latest).

You only need the executable for your operating system.

Currently, your virus detection software will probably react pretty severely to this software. This will be fixed as soon as I figure out how.

## Basic functionality

* Shuffle a list of students into groups.

* Save list of groups to a .txt file.

* Import a .json file containing a list of students.

* Save list of students to a .json file.

* Divide groups by gender.

* Add students to the list in the app.

* Remove students from the list in the app.

* Set number of groups or number of students in each group.
 
 ## TODO

 * Edit students in the list in the app.

 * Implement limits to the size of groups based on number of students.

 * Use tkraise function for changing between frames instead.

Commit message:

Add release procedure to the README

README.md, after:

# Student shuffler

This app is meant to help teachers shuffle the students in their classes into groups of a predetermined size or number. The app can take a .txt file of a certain format, and import each student from that list into its internal logic. Lists of students and lists of the groups created by the software can both be saved to a .txt file format.

## General information

**Author:** Jesper Dam Knudgaard

**GitHub:** https://github.com/DraagDunk/student_shuffler

**Source Language:** Python

**Created:** June 16th, 2022

## Install

Install the latest version in executable form [here](https://github.com/DraagDunk/student_shuffler/releases/latest).

You only need the executable for your operating system.

Currently, your virus detection software will probably react pretty severely to this software. This will be fixed as soon as I figure out how.

## New release

Simply push a new tag, and a new version will be released with the tag name.

New binaries will be compiled and added to the release.

## Basic functionality

* Shuffle a list of students into groups.

* Save list of groups to a .txt file.

* Import a .json file containing a list of students.

* Save list of students to a .json file.

* Divide groups by gender.

* Add students to the list in the app.

* Remove students from the list in the app.

* Set number of groups or number of students in each group.
 
 ## TODO

 * Edit students in the list in the app.

 * Implement limits to the size of groups based on number of students.

 * Use tkraise function for changing between frames instead.
